RELEASE OF ALL CLAIMS
This Release arises out of, and reference is hereby made to, the lawsuit pending
in the Superior Court of the State of California, County of Los Angeles, bearing Case
Number 20STCV36044 and entitled Laura Alcaraz, et al v. L.A.C.M.T.A.
The Undersigned, being of lawful age, for the sole consideration of $9,000.00 to
the Undersigned on behalf of myself and my heirs, administrators, executors, successors
and assigns, hereby releases, acquits and forever discharges Los Angeles County
Metropolitan Transportation Authority, Victor Castro and all of the agents, servants,
successors, heirs, executors, associations, partnerships and affiliated companies or
entities thereof, of and from any and all claims, actions, causes of action, demands, rights,
damages, costs, loss of service, expenses and compensation whatsoever which the
Undersigned now has or which may hereafter accrue on account of or in any way arising
out of any and all known and unknown, foreseen and unforeseen bodily and personal
injuries, property damage, and the consequences thereof resulting from the alleged
incident or events which occurred on or about October 8, 2019, at Foothill and Bledsoe
in Sun Valley, California.
It is understood and agreed that this settlement is the compromise of a disputed
claim, and that the payment made pursuant to this settlement is not to be construed as
an admission of liability on the part of the party or parties hereby released, and that said
party or parties deny liability and merely seek to avoid litigation and buy their peace.
1 of 4
It is further understood and agreed that all rights under Section 1542 of the Civil
Code of the State of California and any similar law of any state or territory of the United
States are hereby expressly waived. Said Section states as follows:
1542. Certain Claims Not Affected By General Release. A
general release does not extend to claims that the creditor or
releasing party does not know or suspect to exist in his or her
favor at the time of executing the release, and that if known
by him or her would have materially affected his or her
settlement with the debtor or released party.
The Undersigned hereby declares and represents that the injuries sustained in the
hereinabove described incident or events are or may be permanent and progressive, and
that recovery is uncertain and indefinite, and it is understood and agreed that in making
this release the Undersigned relies wholly upon the Undersigned's judgment, belief and
knowledge of the nature, extent, effect and duration of the injuries and liability therefor,
and that said release is made without reliance upon any statement or representation
made by the party or parties hereby released, by their agents or representatives, or by
any physician or surgeon employed by them.
In further consideration of the aforesaid payment, the Undersigned hereby
warrants that the Undersigned is the sole owner of the aforesaid claims, demands and
causes of action, and does hereby agree and undertake to indemnify and save entirely
harmless the party or parties hereby released from any and all claims, demands, liens or
suits, including the expenses of defending against the same, which may hereafter be
2 of 4
asserted by any other person or persons claiming any interest in or to the said claim,
demand or cause of action.
MEDICARE CONSIDERATIONS
Provisions of All Information Necessary for Section 111 Reporting: Releasor will
provide Releasees with complete, accurate, and up-to-date information regarding
Releasor's Medicare eligibility status. Releasor also will provide any and all information
Releasees require to facilitate and meet their reporting obligations under 42 U.S.C.
§1395y(b)(8). Such information may include, but is not limited to: Releasor's full name,
Social Security Number (SSN), Medicare Health Insurance Claim Number (HICN),
gender, and date of birth. Releasor hereby confirms to Releasees that the following
information is complete, accurate, and up-to-date information regarding Releasor's
Medicare eligibility status.
Full Name:
Social Security Number:
Medicare Health Insurance Claim Number:
Gender:
Date of Birth:
The Undersigned further declares and represents that no promise, inducement or
agreement not herein expressed has been made to the Undersigned, that this Release
contains the entire agreement between the parties to it, and that the terms of this release
are contractual and not a mere recital.
To the extent that the Undersigned is not fluent in the English language, this
Release has been read to the Undersigned in his or her native language and the contents
3 of 4
and meaning explained to the Undersigned by his or her attorney and said attorney's
employees and/or agents.
In the event there is any action to recover damages pending, the Undersigned
directs that the same be dismissed forthwith, with each party bearing its own costs.
THE UNDERSIGNED HAS READ THE FOREGOING
RELEASE AND FULLY UNDERSTAND ITS CONTENTS
Signed, sealed and delivered this 30 day of_april
2024.
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND CONTENT
Laure LAURA ALCARAZ glars
DATED: 04/30/224
4 of 4
LEVIN & NALBANDYAN
oy GOR . ASRYAN, Esq.
Attorneys for Plaintiff, LAURA ALCARAZ
